docs/modules/ROOT/pages/config.adoc, before:

//
// This content is generated using mvn compile and copied manually to here
//
[.configuration-legend]
icon:lock[title=Fixed at build time] Configuration property fixed at build time - All other configuration properties are overridable at runtime
[.configuration-reference.searchable, cols="80,.^10,.^10"]
|===

h|[[quarkus-oidc-proxy_configuration]]link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_configuration[Configuration property]

h|Type
h|Default

a|icon:lock[title=Fixed at build time] [[quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.enabled]]`link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.enabled[quarkus.oidc-proxy.enabled]`

[.description]
--
Determine if the OIDC proxy extension is enabled
--|boolean
|`true`


a| [[quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.root-path]]`link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.root-path[quarkus.oidc-proxy.root-path]`

[.description]
--
OIDC Proxy root path. All proxy endpoint routes, including a `.well-known/openid-configuration` route will be created relative to this root path.
--|string
| `/q/oidc`


a| [[quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.authorization-path]]`link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.authorization-path[quarkus.oidc-proxy.authorization-path]`

[.description]
--
OIDC Proxy authorization path.
--|string
|`/authorize`


a| [[quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.token-path]]`link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.token-path[quarkus.oidc-proxy.token-path]`

[.description]
--
OIDC Proxy token path.
--|string
|`/token`


a| [[quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.jwks-path]]`link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.jwks-path[quarkus.oidc-proxy.jwks-path]`

[.description]
--
OIDC Proxy JSON Web Key (JWK) path. This route will not be enabled if the proxied OIDC `service` has not discovered or configured this path. 
--|string
|`/jwks`


a| [[quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.userinfo-path]]`link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.userinfo-path[quarkus.oidc-proxy.userinfo-path]`

[.description]
--
OIDC Proxy UserInfo path. This route will not be enabled if the proxied OIDC `service` has not discovered or configured this path. 
--|string
|`/userinfo`


a| [[quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.tenant-id]]`link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.tenant-id[quarkus.oidc-proxy.tenant-id]`

[.description]
--
OIDC `service` tenant id. Indicates which OIDC `service` configuration must be used to initalize OIDC proxy in a multi-tenant OIDC `service` application  
--|string
|`Default`


a| [[quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.external-redirect-uri]]`link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.external-redirect-uri[quarkus.oidc-proxy.external-redirect-uri]`

[.description]
--
External redirect URI. Use it if you would like to configure your OIDC or OAuth2 provider to redirect to the OIDC proxy endpoint callback configured with the `quarkus.oidc.authentication.redirect-path`, instead of the external callback endpoint - which may not be allowed in prod.
OIDC proxy will enable a route listening on the `quarkus.oidc.authentication.redirect-path` and redirect to this external redirect URI.
--|string
|


a| [[quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.allow-refresh-token]]`link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.allow-refresh-token[quarkus.oidc-proxy.allow-refresh-token]`

[.description]
--
Allow OIDC Proxy to return a refresh token from its token endpoint
--|boolean
|`true`


a| [[quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.allow-id-token]]`link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.allow-id-token[quarkus.oidc-proxy.allow-id-token]`

[.description]
--
Allow OIDC Proxy to return an ID token from its token endpoint
--|boolean
|`true`


a| [[quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.client-id-match-required]]`link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.client-id-match-required[quarkus.oidc-proxy.client-id-match-required]`

[.description]
--
Require that if the proxied OIDC `service` has `quarkus.oidc.client-id` configured then the client id provided to authorization and token endpoints must match it.
Disable this property if you do not want to register the real client id with the external SPA or other application which works with the OIDC proxy.  
--|boolean
|`true`


a| [[quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.client-secret-match-required]]`link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.client-secret-match-required[quarkus.oidc-proxy.client-secret-match-required]`

[.description]
--
Require that if the proxied OIDC `service` has `quarkus.oidc.credentials.client-secret` configured then the client secret provided to the token endpoint must match it.
Disable this property if you do not want to register the real client secret with the external SPA or other application which works with the OIDC proxy.
--|boolean
|`true`

|===

Commit message:

Support for external client id and secret

docs/modules/ROOT/pages/config.adoc, after:

//
// This content is generated using mvn compile and copied manually to here
//
[.configuration-legend]
icon:lock[title=Fixed at build time] Configuration property fixed at build time - All other configuration properties are overridable at runtime
[.configuration-reference.searchable, cols="80,.^10,.^10"]
|===

h|[[quarkus-oidc-proxy_configuration]]link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_configuration[Configuration property]

h|Type
h|Default

a|icon:lock[title=Fixed at build time] [[quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.enabled]]`link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.enabled[quarkus.oidc-proxy.enabled]`

[.description]
--
Determine if the OIDC proxy extension is enabled
--|boolean
|`true`


a| [[quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.root-path]]`link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.root-path[quarkus.oidc-proxy.root-path]`

[.description]
--
OIDC Proxy root path. All proxy endpoint routes, including a `.well-known/openid-configuration` route will be created relative to this root path.
--|string
| `/q/oidc`


a| [[quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.authorization-path]]`link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.authorization-path[quarkus.oidc-proxy.authorization-path]`

[.description]
--
OIDC Proxy authorization path.
--|string
|`/authorize`


a| [[quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.token-path]]`link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.token-path[quarkus.oidc-proxy.token-path]`

[.description]
--
OIDC Proxy token path.
--|string
|`/token`


a| [[quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.jwks-path]]`link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.jwks-path[quarkus.oidc-proxy.jwks-path]`

[.description]
--
OIDC Proxy JSON Web Key (JWK) path. This route will not be enabled if the proxied OIDC `service` has not discovered or configured this path. 
--|string
|`/jwks`


a| [[quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.userinfo-path]]`link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.userinfo-path[quarkus.oidc-proxy.userinfo-path]`

[.description]
--
OIDC Proxy UserInfo path. This route will not be enabled if the proxied OIDC `service` has not discovered or configured this path. 
--|string
|`/userinfo`


a| [[quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.tenant-id]]`link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.tenant-id[quarkus.oidc-proxy.tenant-id]`

[.description]
--
OIDC `service` tenant id. Indicates which OIDC `service` configuration must be used to initalize OIDC proxy in a multi-tenant OIDC `service` application  
--|string
|`Default`


a| [[quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.external-redirect-uri]]`link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.external-redirect-uri[quarkus.oidc-proxy.external-redirect-uri]`

[.description]
--
External redirect URI. Use it if you would like to configure your OIDC or OAuth2 provider to redirect to the OIDC proxy endpoint callback configured with the `quarkus.oidc.authentication.redirect-path`, instead of the external callback endpoint - which may not be allowed in prod.
OIDC proxy will enable a route listening on the `quarkus.oidc.authentication.redirect-path` and redirect to this external redirect URI.
--|string
|


a| [[quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.allow-refresh-token]]`link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.allow-refresh-token[quarkus.oidc-proxy.allow-refresh-token]`

[.description]
--
Allow OIDC Proxy to return a refresh token from its token endpoint
--|boolean
|`true`


a| [[quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.allow-id-token]]`link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.allow-id-token[quarkus.oidc-proxy.allow-id-token]`

[.description]
--
Allow OIDC Proxy to return an ID token from its token endpoint
--|boolean
|`true`


a| [[quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.external-client-id]]`link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.external-client-id[quarkus.oidc-proxy.external-client-id]`

[.description]
--
Client id that the external client must use. If this property is not set then the external client must provide a client_id which matches `quarkus.oidc.client-id`.
Set this property if you do not want to register the real client id with the external SPA or other application which works with the OIDC proxy.  
--|boolean
|`true`


a| [[quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.external-client-secret]]`link:#quarkus-oidc-proxy_quarkus.oidc-proxy.external-client-secret[quarkus.oidc-proxy.external-client-secret]`

[.description]
--
Client secret that the external client must use. If this property is not set then the external client must provide a client_secret which matches the configured
OIDC service client secret. Set this property if you do not want to register the real client secret with the external SPA or other application which works with the OIDC proxy. External client do not have to provide the client_secret if it is not configured with either this property or the OIDC tenant configuration, in order to support public clients. 
--|boolean
|`true`

|===
